First remove all the pre-existing file odf openCV from your computer manually and reinstall it and then see if the
program runs or not.
if it runs then do the following:
    1) access the laptop webcam using openCV and integrate it with your code. Done
    2) Then create a time-stamp variable and store time into it Done
    3) Create a .csv file and store (total count, Live count, Time_stamp) into it. Done
    4) Collect the data for 2 or 3 days.
    5) Then create a rolling average function in it to find the peak time and live count for that interval and return that value.


    Time stamp display DONE
    access webcam:
        1) webcam access DONE
        2) Frames messed up: previous frame is not getting away and live count is not decreasing. [SOLVED]

            Solutions:
                a) create a new model for personID and frame creation. 
                b) Understand each and every part of this code and make required changes.

       3) Creating a csv file and store data:
            format: (total count, Live Count, Time_stamp)
            issue: Too massive data
                solution: Change the datetime format from [YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS.MiliSeconds] -> [YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM] Done

    
New task:
1) convert all the code into various functions.
2) Face Finger Print:
    why: As a person A goes out of the frame and when it returns back its id changes as it is not stored in the database
    Sol: So now we have to create a database to which stores face fingerprint of the a person and give it a random id which is stored in the data.

    How to create face fingerprint: 
    method1: Take a snapshot of the frame and give it a random id and store it in the data. Now create a face detection model to detect and match from the database and get the Id 
    allocated. Now display the id in the realtime.
        Problems: 
            Integration of the code.
            New Id creation for the new person( not listed in the database).
            How to run both the model simultaneously cause it will be a very hectic task for the computer and high accuracy is required for both the model.
                Sol1: Use multi surver approach we discussed in for accomplishing various tasks.